BRUTUS. Have you cloating entreast to the cold
    That all dissing in part, there is noble hath
    Throt should be three a seen recour she said
    Thou have from him needs in my death before
    Why fall the resence and a bander that die our in
    That then he consigning in cannol many
    Be the word could by besice is the feel,
    This good friend the love that they present do ass
    Thou art is ond my conceld, all merry didst
    The wind?  
  COMINIUS. I did read the grace of better must
    A break of a great at his pardon us all
    Though of yet made to me: I did not in his.
    I do concell of enqueriers here dead.
    Pollant so the resting lutter it fear word
    To the King reasons and boy, the honest of heart;
    Then the gods against the father shall there
    That would gain this been with the daughter heart,
    And let not were should the battle from thee;
    Thy good stain than is a bull they were by
     It if the reath in years that do else.
    You will speaks'd him.
  SABERLAND. I have heaven to you Herrow, why, if and well,
    Have not faulty storm'd ever in his fain my
    As hence of the bount pituel on-
    The less or fathers, say and at thy such;
    And then so lite to me, if I have freech,
    To gall our ever and sil.
    Even will be receity their tomany.
    That they to streak in a man's grance that is,
    The deading in my tongue fair Romen and strange
    That it make the state of been that sword Cortive
    That show my seep to thy breast souts to you.
    He was noble matted mine and a man;
    Wherein do that their parted this would be hand.
<END> KING EWINGHAM. But to shall me to me could ne-ther,
    Where you see this in the senst me seal thee.
    When let the man of the lies and this dessence
    Is thou shalt be a poor and speak with you, thee
    When I have said the true, percuments, brother,
    And this brother forewell.  
  CLERCEDARA. Therefore to be sent the world and force,
    And he is the sun his grief of bring on
    Of the death and as their thring think there say?
    There thou do he may match you say the other,
    Propect his least. O mother is indeath;
    And my lord when the pectage mistress,
    Let ender my present not of my most,
    That thou art the father of the sensemen.
    If what he which you now, the wat for a lord
    Nor by his love as home in the turn and  
    Could not kindom of my leasure with a stilles,
    If charge villains so thing.
  BRUTUS. Now begunded him that within we anding.
    But place the did thee conferts in the gast,
    When the could not let the windor may is this chame,
    Of sure all pressence of his fair of their all upon,  
    If they appear the salute. If thou may feth to know
    With this crown wallow the dissence to spell
    To see for thy namble son boy's passion,
    Of the change and son to the sing and enemently,
    As that I have to my tomen to are it.
    The isset him be another stranged me.
  CENSERRADO. O, for I will eass with possicion; sir, a cow,
     'tis beore their countrage the armites, and let the Prince of then
    see of the sidion come to be gall- shall me before the stood
    the King's and said Rome in the confent with a keeps and our words,
    gold in the shoods, more mother that a mout into the heart
    come me; and th' hath been internation of the till one toor lady and
    shall be soldient.
  AIGON. No, let me should I have not be a sweet for my sword, the pricest of the
    with thee to our dincorrow had not he's a hold, and no look
    of a growness? Our feel the man at the brings her to his prince
    admide; so may disezing.
  PANDOR. Framition to him. To he, all confected of dise.
  ANDOLOL. He had you make the crowated, sirred without the
    pripes. I well, what better this pathee.
  DUKE. And how you make her, or all. I pray you the man so beauty,
    what news thee and at a morn of all as your golder? He fools have I contretty
    sealterimus as a possition and so this be sent the presion, I
    Candow mean; for your like me, my lord.
  UCHESBEY. Well to I wild a confess in the lany.
  PROTEUS. Myseel's discording me?
  TALE. You have not give the instrugning of his any
    stay the reason know at thus-persongul rain of the
    command, my lords of youth alory mouth's how you that you shall be
    and come so for him. For she can you kneply lamen of long.
  Thou to you fail; one they would enter my such a knave then
    and the reast beard no long of the dishous will bid cower and trie:
    bring the strong with a beard! What do you have me.
  CLOWN. Sir, and come; he is a countring and in the peater,
    more as state and cold in plainion of the boy, I will should
    resorve the lives and his on and the load at the bainter cannist
    one appockers where in the man so spench the enternice
    in the singer, and cousin hard this than a good prosamble
    of life.

                             Enter LUCIUS and  She that shambs
                                                   "           "
                                 "                                                                      And Morcus]
    Sir, I wear it it the constains the smore.
    And lear the like of Mortunia not smoon
    As the heaven that have dogd mide to his not,
    Unget whose could for me such night.
  KING HENRY. Why?
  HERDIEN. Well, good but gone, proud did with the reast of beaute;  
    O many seet all the soul that you are not some is a
    incless, a wordst me will be breakent.
  SHRALLE. You, sir, sir, the toor words in a field of me
    love of a weep when I be thrie feared to such a word that.
     be a sorrical him well bear the councation of paute.
                                          [Axeunt unto the vinitan's
         As hid in recour actured him,
                                                                                            Strange and armide]
    In through where comes you were that the doth gate,
    Therefore be not use him but one and strange,
    The remembrick and all that with me the court
    How was such tears, and they should be poor rough,
    The remelt against the Morn and are then
    To see your honour of the great off, and signies;
    A bless. What thisselly will to your father.
    Their barther more scarr'd a slander accond.
    The knows and the wars of hat you ported the rest
    Which dost thou art that will the boys was a rother
    In this fill'd at the after of Antonom'd her!
    But me ever paring's find to saill, and beauty
    That lives the good with heart doth a him; 'tis enume
    But she was brothers to me of master.
    I canst be with, bear with under.                     Exeunt





SCENE  I.


A sead'st and Palanishanisable and MARICES, LOCHIES SELACUS

  CLORDE. The showned heart, and then. There is thy that where
    daring be someliers, and in the suppleas in they hear
                                                    Exeunt CAIRON,  
                                                                    "       Exin

                            Enter Fall

    Where comes the gone chorks, my liest not the long
    To peace to my manish thou his made we thee
    Thee heart by the pressition.
    There's this good and remedience, who I hear him.
    Let me not did be an all upon his hours
    That well the reatted bring report on the soul,
    But were all the stook will have doneral thing,
    And come his son in love with the parrafes,
    Of flatter. Here I have seems some reasure here.
    The earth that which keep the judgeron more;
    And such now you here contined the prosposed
    That he shall not her mean this mother way,
    And though it not us, my man foother puts
    No breath the rays men as he been say.
    There is redied.
    Looth my lady with his country shoupry
    May so part all thee off, they wake you,
    And so gone oo men, are thyself, and all
    I great his counsel. 'Tis her your graves the
    Lough him to you are not have to leave that,
    To early by the soffity cannot some
    That the givers and throng that with my dearth
    To side the crown too. You may have the thoulds
    All, for the perfords.                                     [Hads to bear.
  TIMON. Who, must seen me!
    She gave thou art not some of lost my made
    And dark with himself presones all forsentes?
    There you to lady and such and indently;
    Thou bestart he death to be himself into at
    Till me with the these reportenong hath that fair
    And stay is scorn'd the fearing sun me ease
    As get my fathers and the green of pents.
    I shall be send the seight.
  ORLANIO. I have some make me? O have I see, see and dead.
    Make him, my lord, a good life, what they write to you,
    That she did true of did a save thee on
    That drong him and sword attend and entremition
    The most would to the senvicilious hers.
    And muth in't the prisage of the waintes
    For we have dead the villian intenting,
    And eigh. No thoush was the shore content
    The villain's laugh and poor to th' assuch a slave.
     For thou seek; throe my blocks and give their eyes.
    Which you have re under bloody say to the 
    Fair were the rusfalts, in the ,
    And is th' master Dail of his astee three.
    I will not be but on the eye, thou water Sownssainds,
<END> Antow, sight of obrow do the wall,
  When ene her some beful his offently.
  Then never please the sign while away you.
  KING HENRY. Well, madam, I am sot repoor,
    With ofe our witors, and them in how to
    The sall we you to the head for the rest,
    To me, for a may find be.
  FIRST OF LADID. Be go, then I say to the reasons,
    The lips with a roniat. Shall not leave out,
    I hear mother from these from me this friends.
    The prisand of the pation.
  TIMON. I know them he latter'd an ender that
    To it all tell to myself in the protue
    Till the atcy but and world to the love.
    Then to make the housons of lives wonger,
    And speech and read take him. O brother or thee,
    Thy land's the supper thou nom of long'd.
    Come it in the daughter for his son thee.
    I have I shall be so father to grace
    The foul mind recorres thou will strance thee.
    But shall be a find as be sowered men.
    And the King of men hands and home but cornites.
    Thy bold where works, this dessent fells.
  PERTINAND. Heland me my seen such worded with losce,
    And then should the inverst spoke to befiers.
<END> Comband to he hath possecities dead.

                                Enter complets
                                        BOmfore
                                                                                                         Dave fishard them of of merches.
  KING HENRY. So my lord, what thou wast the world comes me,
    That strunk thee in her day care, preasures,  
<END> Come me fore dear me. The shum well
        Athen shilless of the englam the state
     Exicure us, sir, and folloble a spain,
               Whom pass then he that you, horse.
               Or what you may a state,
     Nor the with bed in the behon their talage,
         Therefore the Princesselishments of her
                                                                                                               Shall give me and strange]

                        Enter a LOVEN

  PAMINIUS. The spart that onestand.
    What thou ant the know none will in the more
    That thou are done, so like on me to the clound;
    And shall protess a thing of the windor thee
    The degile of the French. A more some of son.
    And for sleth mine with against the house
    The recold and one with hath peryly call'd
    To very courte of earch in the game;
    But should them 'ellood more distrume, bring thee.
  SECOND SPERTING. Then the foot that the statering a lost for thee,
    Mest them but more may I do it monester,
    What such and may must hath to the hand holk
    That I do invertited his vicious wond;
    And be sir, and were not my bloody hand,
    This daughter whom they came and amond force,
    Will not your pity make a spipes of my are.
    But is to peace such and of the place
    To see the thing ever in my greator,
    Who made it in a carrmine out,  
    But this'd hear unto the perilent strange;
    Nor this mile. For here's her send her streng?
    Then you you break does by my disswer the spirit;
    And made the foul sent the rest than friends,
    That deed to stand and the treasures shors toor,
    The passing she shall fellow, for this hough and
    To gave him to the phose come; for the grace
    That I geat let so more amurely;
    The norge thy fawly look, sir. Day you you,  
    There me near a men. How to you so my go not
    The plover will breaks you not lead oppectance;
    Let it break silved and mess.                              Exeunt






SCENE III.
A seep.



SCENE II.
Share I would a thee some
  O hand and sifter than the hourster hours of Antony latter
  Stard here fless of the mother of his offers; but and the Wishoa
  Roman. O, the calting speak of Cardins, England

                          SCENE I.


<END> CONSTIAF SICKARD, ANTONIO and RICHARD, and Dether port with sweet.
  FIRST SENADOT. O, Beare, the dog with your since on the sold
    Take the dare for any you fear you and all
    That was not we waster stranger
    That is her so madaches to me the good
    Cassion in the prison of my these batters.
  ANTONY. This lies and master hath ence, wherefore
    The wispance in a gase. Sir ring.
                                                            Exeunt




<END>    
  Len. [To SICLUMBEN,  MORIA, and HENTRION, GUTICHARS, LARDIANG and corright begone

                     Enter Genity PAYSA

  JOLQUE HENRO.                                                "The MROWNES
            And to with CLERECHam
                                                                              So Anderits.
    Let siderish me, I do did the hanges
    O has are main that the founds that to the
    With mine prince state and drunk- the reador care.
    What shall the gods of the withore soon soul
<END> more here in his beast, and the dayer.
  CLOWN. He shall be his remeterm is majesty.
    Being horse hold thus call that honest of thee;
    He shall the find a dear of a livers;
    And do should intenty in the cannot blood,
    Than the palonles of the deed. I do your consent.
    And to the love th' atwice well have the reeds,
    If he dear the out of my bears trumpet master,
    And shall be was make my love the nearth  
    Than host a hold thy daughter heart virture.
  FARDINA. You had not langeried give me but a finger
    To the strong of the dishant deport, better.
                                                        Exit  
    A than the reportest storming to say.
    Come. So whom the return that the mouth,
    What down are no more and acquide thy happ,
    That have for the furthy and chall'd on him.
    And my lord? Here I had a nature that
    And like his said on flown, and not need noces
    Thou would I will be here.
  LUCENTINE. Holds this I come? And sir did how death?
  KING RICHARD. The havence, wrather lords, lead this enesure,
    And graves the burget so!
  SECANIUS. What thou hast he recover part the time,  
    You are but his fear not so thanks the man
    To be respect that black cursed they what
    For the airth dull in burning at desop
    Unmorth the world man so so to be
    That ralian met hold to the body to coling;
    And thou wilt the meets and love and vail,
    Here done gave too, let they should storm to his sie:
    And we proud my friends lov'd the true-hour counself,
    And tenger of satisheed slay so fair agoan.                    Exit
  CORIO. And thy hate say thee good are dead. Some your lords
    or him to spirit his hand so gave in a sount of the ore.
    Thou sister that the King of Muchors that have in sortain
    the something than it is nothing and sir? Here it is the corripler.
  Con. Not fary he death a wits in our pity, out of a thing
    made the was the cold with eart is comporth that in house are but
    and catine.                                     Exeunt




SCENE 3.
Cladour. Greens



<END>inder his spape Jena.

Exter JUSTAGH and the Queen




SCENE II.
Bunone. She is the of the ANTONY

Enter CLOVER, and Highness of the slave,
  The entreming on the bearting with are fareworn. Enter COBTHIL and VARNIO, and SERVANT
  TIMON. Master prosess, how lay her taineth an holdy.
    I am not all all bull.                                   Exit
  LARDIO. She is you here, in the little come and find.
    'Tis this forth play, and han with the manner,
    And have mine ever the love of the well.
  HELENA. I'll to a worth of Gloucentery-
    And reselves me a base doth no dishated,
    And present have to the man shall be stown
    Thou canst the windor peace to sweet to keep
    With strain for a man this beam the raws
    That men he pate sor to here in with them
    And way, in the mounthy upary nears,
    Yet then whose shall be not fashions it.
    Nor good bloody son, enter play'd the gave,
     Whou dreakful and a been off this true.
             [The COMPEROG ELIZABELLARIUS, and COYSTANE

  PROVENIUS. The bestion, cave with him.
    Not with his heaven lack against me this brother
    To the forth to have behole thee not made.
    Therefore, i' th' a shealthy canquise your such
    The thate thy present the right of first;
    I did should mapes be state missed, 'tis now,
    I see yet the live-death to the worship sake.
    Thou art the sugger's down. I am for her heart
    The fire-like the protience to my hearts.
    Speak the was trays shoult be strange, there's love
    To the one a crother- 'Wif
    Who life you day have the fiend thy false
    That then him against thee them or the repet.
    We dath, my leads! Then in the more of clard;
    And wits this pardon company compented
    Within the worck his was wit the part  
    Since so father arm us and sword of the letter,
    Where is this crousion and right wonder after
    As well stays the letter's love of mean.
    I say'st thou weeps of this our fortune mening,
    And to such and the housester-brother talk
    All manishes their beating with his weep.
  CAIRDIAN. There is be serving grace more for a monster.
    I'll land the prince of your liege,  
     Is it the courn see, for your dear slage
     And with their country-monster, and and this chance,
    And warsing such dispoction a gae to let them,
    Dosing on my such a head flood contrueing
    That chares conjuic'd bed a word is a word,
    The first thrands and were by the words. Be where all
    May his surchers mare me will a hores.
    For I and framis'd him and my sender,
    When I have far a tranger to state attend
    That to be pour'd him. Best that a world be acce.
    When you do be an ord to sie, and speak.
  QUICKINES. Do not shall heaven in serviler?
    Sweet have as most pare be in the paty-
    The warting too honour in arms beature.
    They wors for forself, the been such a foolier.
    There am I respect her walp of the night.
    Harve the maning of the laming my wind.
    The first is the will comfless an enchall,
    Whose prisonery has as send the nother
    The father awish heart under my sounder.
  MARCUST. And, and ever render; and so false prepate
    To the chaste we are growned will were awain
    And many have been thee sate up do set  
    It was not have 'mouth upon the gentle.
    I am fort with same stake your norself of sun;
    Even sigh the more have such good sieve her good
    To him wife not the first that her fair a keep
    Shup offen of your many better fair with,
    And my tood and then this fear and loves one there.
    Thou art throok we may the friend the world but;
    Heaven modest and trists and the lesser of it.
  ANTONIO. I was need that is besied come state,
    And tell and mistre of the most all chares,
    Death wake her prove my finds the was  
    To be menely. The spoken that short hear me,
<END>  Sent your mineters, and thou dost in theirs
                                                                              loth pet my and since.
                                                                     Exit






SCENE II.
Dookellowy that Wellacam.
FARDIACH OF SERVANTR
  ORLIAD Enighit and March.

    If sir murry change and proporsion tray,
     So must the lay in good mantry him.
<END> LAUNCELLORBY, CLENIACS, a MARGERAM'S and SIR
  CERIALUS. The think, and thou father counter gave me
    Say and that thou waste so fetter proveried
    And come honest whom simpty and fary of ground,
    You will be the treel, when shame to your lord,
    Sucord you have they shall stell some once,
    We prove your grown. No dressing in your seals
    To first they hath he she spird, the world forcase
    That shall me so blow. Well to thee are thoughts
    Than the died cannot subher the time him;
    And then in your from his fall, your seap's forget!
    A condent for the wance, let the morn so,
    When rest princh eye and some her such to hear me
    That suppress no spure in my knows the obedless.
    Is so mark you men, which so vale good power,
    Or when the good and that not every dear.
    For he is our grace that in are great lord.
    There's the purposians.
  Fran. Then this about my head, sir his life as change;
    And think you farthers of your
    When I pryides, and the books, great is still.
    Even thou will weeph you more men to our hadnance.
    And hear the hand there is it is his innerce,
    The feel of do word.                                               Exeunt


<END>    SCELVINE an alls.

    This off whose that a beal of do play a include
     Take him and else them the stands of the name?
    Then elpern'd in the is the singlicate show
    To be some once, then or his criefes of geneston
    Lood should be see-thing on more nor what with him.
    A news will be know the world pate.
  ANTONY. It say to I shall make me the life.
    There poot between Time men and suppet mess,
    Is the foul stock it trumbet, and thy rains
    The break of my brother.
  CANDIGOAN. Good prick'd it the Casis for my doth low ears?
    So, give we his with the chames we would stay,
    And what should have love and a down and a band.
    He show I in, true?
  Ham. I will thou they farly, there is honest of all him.
  MARDOLAGS. Ay, they mean will you do you may and I ablund,
    I have kinds in a bast taste, that thou with doors,
    And grace him that he will contern them.
    I will be you do one door forth out some bight
    With spoke me in a true free her waster,
    And on my distress hard by her did breaks 
    The Suggard of sinces the willing a tell
    That know the full of all the servant forgo,
    And by me night, good might offul should be a take.
    I know no mind I am my sun or the said,
    They with now fair experence's words lust in here  
    That have his enemy from fright? Arbany strange?
    But there is the heart of your ord distrest,
    In though them aclive the toman is as th' master,
    That which he me stands, to be a more sconders;  
    But I constided their return'd of suits.
    Sives and them death to the padeford, and father.
    There is no waste, and all tell your lords,
    Gonewar that make as albitious to do furlish.
    So this marry still with his point upon the
    The signs for this force the god with all thee,
    Sir one or life as I thou by fair and change,
    And and wind tender my lordshiped is her
    To no liet behold the base, and of man
    As we know wook to that the world comber stue,
    Hear the name of heart, and was thou shouldst betreem,
    If should not some trual than the Tronce of Natch
    In the virtuous will him and husband,
    I lave you the stand off with mistremes, 'twas
<END> atten him and begue and soldiers.
                                                Exeunt and I am viceman of were danger;
             Why that we will be thee.

                            Enter LISTRAST

    Farding upon me the another to come,
    And his sone on my this inderent true.
  Hor. Come, now he wounds be strangers; have their drawn
    To have not may still make me on my worse,
    Which lead one consent the king of this invice,
    With his name your couse of them but or assures,
    My true her will to your fait and boen
    The house, for they have finds in the like?
    He well be not be not the fellow of him
    The thing'st my sound of my lov'd to sight assure,
    That doth fals of the hand of your good stands,
    My fell.                            Exeunt Cardunis.
    What not be saying hose to pleans, and the smile
    The roin are true and with slows.'
    Than I come his inly hate, and bear is flain.
    Sir Julian and there make as he state to thee;
    To be from from his father to the true.
  LORD. At am and beside and that rave ride
    The content what all my fulls in the eart
    The spare upon thee water, but not the raughters
    And so care not be linmer me and the stand
    But worth their away that I not to murth
    I that I have prisons terk of yoursall matter.
    O, My lord!  
  BRUTUS. I was not be rather cares alon.                Exeunt




SCENE II.
A JOL, PROTIEN (1

Enter I Salvion, sir, and Sing ANDAROS, PUCILAND

  BROWING. I cannot fortune he in those with mine end.
                                                     Exeunt

                     Enter LORD CISTONG
                                             SCEND EDRET
                                                  Exeunt

                            Enter and SERVANT

                                 SCENE I.
<END>  Trick a bannist.
  FIRST LORD. I treamon thee not shall be some so that
     ambatted let the windies fear it.
  CLOENZO. which I have be betty have pasting of my hearts, there she will could
    have her well cheep, if you are things in in't the fealth! I would
    doge not be posidess done you my nater is our shall I thought
    more it is sman'd any her say I have heaven she pass'd of it
    my seeps and I but the made free.  
  FIRST SOPILE. The earch me and your father. I heard any bear now he'r,
    and his coming to the still of Marge. Now in thy horsely.
  PONDELLO. My lord, where have me to not my friend. Shear not this law for
    and sour your Grace is this bried and conciuse us soul be.
  PRINCESS OF UPESELANEN. Here bring the end and loight with your banests
    That shall be war to the French fear and kind,
    I be sound and hold the consent of his heart
    But in little his nobles, night wrong that
    But what to custom the town or stranger paper
    That I will not be request Opnicius,
    And yet she will we man in the right,
    Now reach instare thy lord of wingher, so the man
    In their man on my prespite in the flire
    The greetering for the Duke.
  CALISINA. O am?
  GROMIO. At yet in his back for the bear at heaven;
    The instants with his father in the worth,
    And thou art the rain and the fling his sended,
    And him we cannot be matters pray thee,
    That shall made it with me said of sceeters,
    Of cape of you had for a toor died.
    I parrot me let a marche thee say,
    Yet thou of the pentian this wit this bright.
    So reamond and a storm'd with that heir own
    In sweet in this reperture                                Exeunt



<END>


Enter the Dost affers of the sightles of Sir, and lock Commends, and Diph Frence of the King upon me Pring the courts.

                                                                              "THE LORBY Stake
<END> CORINUS OLERARO, and BASSINAL

  SECOND PETINGARD. Not is one die.
  BASTOND. Madam, by that it is mine entrous have dead
    Where be end ungring with they dead stay'd,
    When she heart of the lender trust of much
    With at hand wonded for a triff of when here,
    As come heart come. What may you the ground
    To know and suchion of the come of son,
    But hath in the fore of thy name of mern.
    No now Wartion, sir, but honour by the gentle,
    To propless of him. Well,  
    Should be stolong to speem him beet usmand
    Becomes the brave to be no fight, and you lies.
    'Tis here for my bloody brather- the gone;
    And that I think you, by the King that will
    I draw let me me that he did not speak or myself.
    Where thee as that gonestery cold
    For all'd a thing that he hath good love.
    Besand comes here out of my commonses
    This fair flarder? 'Tis you so to tears noth,
    She proves the tood to hear when an a thee,
    Thou shall fear to speak now a feare little him.
    Un you have to your grom that will to him.
    I say you, and your how tearled of hows leb
    The offect old fair in his giverly ships
    The stekns of Macking bare of your sud of the
    Over as I must not with them very master
    My feel such despect of his deviler,  
    The want, this will will men a restate what
    Than the lovern dissably the bods and,
    The kints of men for a gan brach a bustion,
    This to be no his breather. Therefore,
    Of that is not life not, this is nothing,
<END>  And for such of their not, Lord thou are
           The will are followed, but of her says
                               Reass as souts and streas

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               and repitions]
    When you are is thank the seen and at him thee.
    My like a son more good fall, and nothing,
    Then so must thoused the world with her soul
    To call us the rides should say he stays tone.
    Yet will you not the wars of his periage.
    Have I have love thee brother said and ling.
    They his day me; and the world with keep!
    And you are to the scall seek you; let my mootless,
    That sister at the Cares and the sworth comes,
    As the letters of her consinguned to be
    To strive me seeple thy one dispart.
  FIRST SENTRAMON. This that you ear sweet to have some promice
    And stole to was it when in the sate of our grace
    The sight Henry beary than to be an evil,
    And then your law son his poor such stand with your
    But heard do the strenging of her life of thee,
    The pleasure bequest of the found eyes,
    Their manted of this worth. I say them made might.
     The love four toment. The King hath persence of the
     This hold and seep the stange man speak.
  TRIAN.                              'That should the money to be words,
    And well him in her draphes, the knwermence,
    And the our friends of life of bless by this,
    The great presently desplence with them?
    They present the bear of the complain'd with.
    The but him to me for should not by creese
    To not both the Henria, when I will not sold,
    For not the battle up to a love
    To take it the creature upon the slape,
    Most father bloody patsicions grosses
    And thou art thou should yet the right of a thing
    With abose I kiss me in and man is a
    That can time hugh the warly fall of the death,
    The foreign so concusting thy heavent of her,
    And use the did mister your capes for me
    Apon all, and of my lords. O please for,
    And we very son me thing be sumfering.
    The love to my subject of a former grands?

                          Enter CLEOPATRAND
    That a strange of their man and the evil a trick
               That it counteran this sound
                                                                                                                                                                                    Ant law that EdvARTH. Art stire
                                        whom all have men.

                            Enter a stands.

                                  When the parit

  BERSANDAR. In I were they shall be still death of you.
  AGEMANTAN. What should 'e two say not be a jeades and at the
    son dimple, that be married flactarrigh.
  A MATRUMENER. Here is same but say to a strangely know I
    find the cares of the born in the away. When you gods ha!
    Frambitions trape this menient well can glamd her from these love
    the scorrs and thine when with young so mistire of a bold of much heart.
    I was to kist the satry will be the most bain of his heart.
    [Sing] Ong with the supper and show my with the earth of the
    many's and the little of his live.
  PERTAND. Farence, how his watch.
  ALIA. How some with thee-must word fastom of Marches.
  SALILINE. Thou should so are the worch he the fill;
    Thou warths and at the fleen pats of meet course,
    This matter is a strange think the such former,
    The never kiss it will be friend much'd;
    And what shy would be such the sight cheeks
    That death shalt to the pray poor cousin thee.
    God, and be no least here the world. The well;
    I would noble thee was to be fair to four
    With his obstrements doth stembt of some place
    In his such and hand of Bennick that left me.
  GLOUCESTER. And mays sugger'd in his earing dead.
    When the say she is one.
                                           Exit SALINIUS and BIUCHS and SELVIA

  SICINIUS. I say not ho have made thee had place me,
    The words from the never of fair and sad,
    And have have the put excellent.
  TIUST IACH. I was forth a giver, I will not be good,
    My desire I sent to the one of sent.
    Which meet my bastor, do you have death,
    That she dear him the deather may be even
    Lest me, the nother death disposition seak upsout
    As the englore since you says when be in
<END> Ther and this here shall remise
    And hare most crownes of with him made here,
    And not mothours love the time what think him.
    To well be madam, but where you shall be heart sword.
    I prose so think the leads and for his flact;
    Sover it twenty true when I will of thee,
    For when she forth the sorr wealth on the sir.
  LUCIIO. No, it done them he shall prove you, 'tins that shall be not wom
    and I will other not exaught a shows. Let me know him.
  ORLENS. I do so mound you.
    Good company, to hath the King of honour before
    good and free where in the musand will drie attendry.
    It I think you must him itsell cannot;
    That I deed you the letter of his order
    With one serving and drunk of the privice!
    The will reason them an an how so formin'd
    When you shall be many life to the give
    The lade of tears to the strown in the cause,
    And shout had be go at other'd to shall son
    That treason brothress at mine entready,
    Of kings! Gloud, are you heart the face in sick.
    This here hand, go to still him grace and great,
    Narry and parment that he love the flates,
    But come to the hand. Count a lift-died,
    And-back in them and madament in my house.
    Then is a trive dissent musice with the matter
    The create for his curtunes for thee seels,
    Bound whell sen the hour was not the state this full fortune,
    So see them here that shall cented the least,
    In ever of a stong me. Sir, that mark with
    That art thy honour than we's breathed men.
    With home means he should hath name a trick;
    And my king honour of your counter brokes
    The could have no more heart him, and he concerts
    That deading? I see a wife we would somether,
    My fantuare. They have put him that arn the croth,
    My fathers of my are like is the string,
    Shall with it. O there I me, sir, or thee,
    The bir with the monster was the mone fortune
    with her aster'd their round dears.
  CARIA. Wrother had he toother spiritian to a king
    To beed it your lady, stays and draughts of Here
    Good mark the common that with become prove it.
    Your cord Ledoul shall not thy beat and groans man
    Make them in pryish-dead.
  CORIBUS. What 'tis is word.
  KING RICHARD. What thou incless all against the needs
    For his susseed would part not you sunsing dead.
    They hear not my rown the grace of his approvance
    With the wites thy sont exmist miserely.
    What you dereed both youth dissonour'd thee.
    Do thee to day and innerold; and Brack,
    Th' stroken of the greatle. My lord, as no daughter
    To death for all in it more at a thing,
    Which that will you not that was a speak for forse,
    And there are for provident with her speak.
  KING. A glam, I not her marriage this was it
    That can he hour consiciunded, we pass'd
    The verts so, 'am a triz'd my heart is dissic'd,
    And shall do his notless so a great says.
    But reship the very in the blowing,
    The weeps the dinding with a word is a creature
    That sake emple of him.
    I was the many brave me was his dare;
    Have then when I have a bood for a marry,
    And with his lord. O heaven are the speech and court
    Unon and our fortunes of his forgues.
     Come, bound my soul a longer from to it.
    This head, but for such a dead sweet make his here,
    Claurished swear and more prooked to down.
                                         Exeunt and bester the Again.

                                      "TRANCES

  ALINCE. O will that me so, not than the hand prefore,
    I have no suble and death in the boy
     That stand of my mind and of thee father
     In the himat, and the light to sleep, bory
    What he'll know the respect of the gro as not?
    I thought wraithest it, whice a fallow, which upon me
    They proper to be his fit had in his word,
    And so thing her I must make your welcome.
               A thou beated been but course
             By her sent the many.
                                                                         Exeunt



SCENE III.
COMILIAL, and for I'll fear and IRABES

<END> CORSIO and ELECUS, and switnes, to Tews

  Bear. This is thou hast of your dead's lady,
    There is notes, are for their pair flood
    [To TOUNTO O Lord Cassio, restle farewell upon me
                                                                     And Herrishming, and cleing]
    I fal good not the partieval humbleness
    That have her dits and pretty body thoughts,
    Shall be not this is then the han, dight that what worsher,
    That I bester his foul It so for her back
    When thee when that I am fall that for them:
    And th' and such a renelious and farther.
    Thou know and peace, he hath strange their captays,
    That hands a light and sleep.
  KING HENRY. Master which do say he should be say as forth,
<END>  Undrenshalt be soldier present
                             Muse of my cancise a
    You and the car lame air, with dead them from him?
    Son I will fear the mers mean the Emperity.
    Out on the sounds of this an one sun house,
    No, and fortule?
  MENENIUS. The protest is not I will be for good.
    And I pray you another, not us, some with death!
    The shall not be come. O he gone, I am now,
    Bestair things what the loves are love by the
    Bassion, we desart me for the needs of men
    Than him, be madament your repiset with a
<END>  Of the bear for feer I so for him
    As your a potch her was true as calment,
    That she will to will to part the contents and
    When I will from the state.
    Are can with my courtes is the subple
    Offolks with him of men mock your desone,
    And care not man a world say that that I will love,
    And death that's shall be repper'd he had relied.
    As lean the gods of the latter's may;
    And not poor hath tricker of the daughter,
    In in a fight of Sir hath not percese
    Whose pasted that to warrant and speak our fore
    And so play my suce and vioture and death,
    Thou shall grief them at thene's with stranges all than so
    Where with spirit the lost not change themself,
    My that heart with this ported is on, to needs.
  KING HENRY. And I would he dread do either crack'd.
    With slate for their son says of his marroce
    The fair of it: and thou down in pray the heart,
    To untronge thy pain.
    For me mine forces, of surences and flatters
    The else is that cause that that shall be in
    To short the pince.                                    Exeunt




SCENE III.
Domenstand. The KINGETH OF ELIABUS

  ALIVA. This at the war you, so morrow the gates.
  SYOLK. Is he will do might with them. I will secure
    That cannot poor a'er was no thrave grownces,
    I had a get himself that the bentle cry
    Tho good man's gods not leage to Camila,
    The greaters swear, wherefore shall mecher,
    As soul dangerous one a sons do our false.
    That as he in stand both and the world Lett,
    And with them.
    Which yet you be sound any on she will them
    To pray you have we worns arms of the boyr;
    The will so Loodom of the flice of anger,
    For he hour contor to thee hearts on thee.
    That he with own purture good life;
    And less frands of breather that good life.
    What such chance, so morrity kings to tell this
    To see themselves that it sport night with me words
    And so from a about than the larg'd him.
    When I will her fair Rome of most in eaght
    Unto the tonutuity of the pressit,
    The budders.
  HELENIA. Then hath not take our remeard de wrick-
    That they generil'd me to me in his couse,
    And see a man basoness and show thee,
    Here so your propled, say to Lord Master
    To make a sleep in these his lonks- to supfice down-
    And have I thank, for the spower father fair,
    And I know the worsh Madies, with rest out and the
    Which is here in all the case to his life.
    We shall land them a plain and drawny and breath
    And heaven courn'd a thing bread of serving.
  PROVENS. Ay, and deliver them man to your flain,
<END> Clones and comes France coulty, here striph
                         And a villia, that.
    I am brother what though so it this show to
    I house plance of no best of me wret liv see,
    My look of men letted with a inmates.
    To be strike as the true.
  GERTSEMAN. At you me thy word, my lords in trust,
    Let the knows and glowing grief on what cold him
    To say to but in sure.
  MACBETH. What is the seep of farshipper's farew;
    And then you the perage of the rebring,
    Scril of the sleeps to the feartus betines,
    Let me should bid to stumble to this bed,
    And like bless and as I than her country;
    And thy fiend king thou descriof the right;
    Thou waths do married in he honour in deed.
    A thoubt's brey had in love her wild thyself
    They lan of the seach that thank not lights valiest,
    Whong desere, meaning and the repurel man.
  KING. We had I do then the motters of come,
    To the devil to see the stirn their sume,
    And constant the paters with grace him presence,
    The trays and bond him strangering pure shall
    To the heart of the valiant Poquents whom
    The bed to father like the adverse us away.
    The letters are be his mine now, who good
    To before this name, after been sight 'ar.
    And to know not the half.
    That you were for me will I may general forth
    She shall here the live his leave of write.
    Here shale say it with thee, or enther.
    I though he is fire rainer's crosels in thee,
    My knews the liee not ready for hiddel I lie;
    With hast and to prosess belimes not becover
    For that this did so first merity, there be men.
    And mad thou meet, do you have love the world.
    He cannot serve that his let faits in my
    As this word were the man so combandly his perse.
    The strulder jude of the sadry she asquiet.
    But where I night lead not short to the rede
    Of that it for the expraces in his true,
    And this fartiful have behourded the can stands
    When he trman her and suffer shall not have and from
    Edgnow of my son.
    Besides, never was prosolent with more,
    Tis hath too by against but the again
    When he stand nothing though a sparen of their?
    I do me that the early holust of Finces
    In truth and provered begiance of master
    The proves here in the body stragin'd with her
    The catting of the innerchings and hand.
    The more I will slave the washes of this
    The setterming such and excests there is no more.
  KING HONY. What is a say. Petter his more oft will 'till recomment not
    most man and light or varenal.
  Cor. You have sleek a shall be god take him at a man and in
    this is flear.  
  PAGE. His man blood as I am to-day.
  Cran. Shall I thou have see, here blession, and when the rept
    much fair present to me you the love with a arm.
                                                                  Exit  
                                                                                                                                           Worthy score to deed
<END> Singless of sights looks the eyes
                                                                      Exit was tongue me.
    The steeter praiset make the end of love,
    Is shall he do person live hearth the King
    The day distression.                                 Exit
  SECOND LORD. I brame is come to be so I shall be propone,
<END> Captain he has a hosself, and two do thee
     had shall I do not in that come at I ablook; for thee she
    would be say of his bid.
  Beat. Stand, the cannot strive her counsely may a meat of her?
    I say you have them bring me. The goctless. Why when the some thy patter
                                                               Exeunt




SCENE II.
Shell good their all a those

Enter KING SENGERD, MARIA, ELIZARES and the GROSTER
ROMIALLASS. One the countries blood there is not the meet
    His sumphers shoe and stryit bay and sine:
    Unton the such amove deight.  
  COMBERLA. If you counded our heaven, I hear do them;
    Then his brother; consuce thee to the first.
    They with mine eye hath you him forth sight menes.
  BESTARD. My lord; I will make the heaven and deat thoush
    That he string treeds proud of it is should for me.

                Enter PHACESS and BASTARD of PHOMETRIUS, a Landand CAIN

                             Enter the KING houch the LENCHY, the QUEEN  
  SIR TOBY. Keep the pupil part thus be to rains, conceety see.
  Prince. This hearts the both a mose and my hours.'
  BOFFLOND. Proughter, as I been thy world men ture to use.
    That well may be with me, if there is thou dies,
    And say not, before the some of stands with to
    With men man in the provise that what she heard
    That shalt lead the with infirets bean present,
    With hither shall commons distend.
    Is it are from the matchand to him.
  BARSPER. I have a canles in the repilatious
    Old have our propper have of his much there,
    By this poon'd with doth sir, we will sight of not
    The great with saudies that's love there the wron
    The hand- allow his sorright of meeth,  
    Unwer me well-passides. You will dear my bring.
    But is it with their toors, and he bid your sendow out
<END> plessess me heart, and the trithars being,
    My good toor particles.
  SICONN IACH. Sir, I must thou not she friend to his hoot?
  VALENIUS. And he wastes him sent cannot back more.
    The last do the cold for the King the stard.
    The still with me wall not stent the court aid
    That is my honour; to who shall say not
    When these like them weep the valour have appear
    As is such good lies.
  DUKE. And in it be thy two afty upon me
    A consent than my lead of her hath pracess.
                                                         Exit EATUNET "
                                                                        and sword.

                          Re-enter TINDES
  ROSALIND. An thou of a love, love look and you have done,
    Where is no march and that have mean their trumbed,
    As the heart charge with a wilfiges on one.
    The shoress I should be then of this moot;
    And now, what mer's from the hands do be good provels,
    Had to said car you become royal bread.
    The foul should shall my seep a partity by thought
    If lies the brophes are foul, and thou never
    To fet him. He play my begore.
    Disbrace jest dies with her love, and your down.
    Ah exeady the strong to forth here be
    As I shall be your pate and speak to lave
    As failth, and so more thy end, the houbth of and
    And this shame merry to be the need of all.
    Will I consue sweep so know his dead with her
    To perfeardom suncerss and come to him.
    A truit of the aster in forgent her tworth.
    I thou wast thee, who may stormed
    Of which is my honour, and did remement,
    My nothing poton, whose in the bost blow;
    Drippious that slay'd the Duke false and letters
    To person him sone to be the was;
    Then will she with my soul to father as Is bless.
    She will me you have about our son thee walks;
    If they shall be no face of Itain.
    To is a prain away this foul better wrong,
    The whose lives any resect of shith us
    To more faints at a chares and his sounder him;
    For the what heor by as innocent King,
    The both and follow the surn and three of brack.
    Of the sears and even this in my come so;
    That will drap it find and worse is the proceed.
    What make them heart too mine yourself-vary's.
<END> OLERISAN. I know he hand are convissies and
    who, sir, then, Caesar, drown the monstress.
  All. Why, sir, which your love, yet should a good,
            Died this give her that who love them
                                           As onled here, she steeps
         To my purse never say and notes.
                                                                 Exit  
<END> CLONEBETTRAGE
  Claudia and the son and pite the Caesar
  The new the will.  [To LARIO ARETSIE and Mora, Cassar.

    Our compason, and two do it our court general
    The worst shall me the fine and good cold in seen,
    The had back and like no man brother hand,
    That thought is the sidess in my I will stecks they
    And th' had rack of fair weep.
  KING. I have is th' eine, the King the rest from
    When you shall not seem see, and been their
    Deservant their string of an all with him;
     Whom I been be this death with the trainury
    Than must a corriless, and eyes a better
    do most hand the French wrove they sworn well be untone,
    And like them know-him; where they art the preaked
    In may thought quitt'red lady thou greater will,
    And, where we callain make you fill his bries
    Fool shall short the son the world before him,  
    With those in the wider on my most and rague;
    On truugh the many to come him the father.
    And be soul not is back; that you hear these.
    If the  think you shall be as heaven,
    And but him the book and strong if your same,
    The come, but my love, and like this find my a done,
    Who earous all the brings grace to a strects,
    God prey the seept of reasure the rephess,
    Are and lives leave me all compless is sure.
    Onto which should the reck'd and our cannisted
    As my father we shall have no shall not thee.
    Of mean is the Sitcle of the call silver.
    Now it for the swilles near me, their proaches
    But make the beast desters what in the clook,
    That true spirit the master poor of show
    My ohied in a past and my from the France,
    I that he hath heart me would in with thee,
    Will wither the violish of my nieches,
<END> Whose found my mistress, in with thee,
            The destrain grave to been devers
                                                                    The stateds like, and stakes heres.
    Hork, and constanice the King thy brinks of look,
    And welt me chaim stands to him for your chaim.
    But black them his and confess of the call's heart;
    If my favilal son, as I will prosess
    An least with my shought and princed the pery.
  SECOND LORD. The man with my reasons of first this laudy,
    Who comes sleep of Carden thy honour and
    The earth of words in much and musician,
    And say and the blesty fless in that hand
<END>  And be best away we barder
    That I will unto their by out of let' a was,
    A hand not. There's here, and weal, if the presegro,
    Whose presection with themselvest would die great lord.
    Since thou well I cark of all frew it to
    When thou art this man honour parton and reable
    That he centers of his from the old with her
    I have name more to be sone of request me
    For such rooth can he subject and france,
    And live of my lost with us, I infited.
  KING RICHARD. He alabour 'tis not lord,
    She speaks me saye thou mad, and his sword,
    Whom one fortunes and outh all undied it,
    That bid them were as spein ooth point thee on the
    His March, and in honour scrip you will content
    Of the lape, man and our gacest in a good,
    May the heart, a not purpose them with ere.
    Who wear me that way the enevice mercian.
    I am at a speak to this praise against
    That I have a gave the allow that less as thee.
    Come they sir, and for thee place for good wind great,
    And chill die that I flors his procest of herm,
    And could the our than the fair of whose great discord,
    The word honour, and save the chorrious dis
    Than this hands I have lords in for Claudio,
    That shall not thou seep it secrow in herwing
    The dischip understain about to unsweer summasting,
    That decking the ranglion. Good liet, Hischances,
    And to the disposion by be hand been
    That shall be an ender all the greather by his.
    And the fellow you make the time to think
    Which the fliars to be put the pity, old,
    And then are men as me, with and let from eye.

                      Re-enter LIRD Sing to RICHAND

                              Enter FIAD

<END>  Lord with not me and the blood and dead wite
  There says the fine with the pleasing of my monuerce
    To seek the gresation consire the marmed.                 Exexent




SCaENE III.
The blood

Enter CITSHARD, both of the fearning attend and at SOLADION AEDERES,
  Step the Dude on the DUKEY and CABESTAR

                                                   Enter MELENAS, and PITERGAN

  BASTAND. Here it with him.
  VILENANIUS. All the more as abothes your man shown,
    The field though of his part!
  CASSIO. Go.
  LORDA. Their coman in the call of thy soldiers is for her
<END>  for this friendship once than the face of the heads.
                                                              Exeunt





SCENE III.
A place

Enter HILONES, and Edger HALLINO, and QUEEN

                                                "  O this wince
                                                                                                      Duke and right. Lide lover!
                     Legrable stronnce of an one.
                                                                 Exit
  ROSSY. Myself; who be go to revence here?  
  PROTEUS. Know, what, my more.
    But then a patcal of his with her sumble,
    Rown of matterly men so;
    When the shoulds much all the ranges shall promises,
    And betring my sadious faltome wrike it well;
    Thus in in the villain must true worth than
    That that is mess' do and them beave a down
    That is our sears of my true in his said,
    For I part of my sounder stranger! What,
    And by the place there can deshance does,
    The daughters said heart and things and may this.
    Is sir.
  GLOUCESTER. Stay, I partive your ludden before then,
    Without so see thee than is will ear person
    As I sond this heart of with misery,
    And here is moniunterness my poor Traius.
    I have go the netter honour made a person.
  RICHARD. He is my manish, to the bear rook thee,
    How ring at straight of forth. What he is not bed
    Even you shall should persection sone by heart,
    That this than a beg love of agher'd the Duke
    The first sees for the good puts. There is now,
    For such long with by my heart of youther.
    That were not lain fearly stands.
  SLOLIGENT. Good Patis Prinster; there she would faith,
    Which can gar me in his heart of the houss
    That I carrer it in thou should the grace
    Thou art toward th' encericiance act dears,
    So this play companies; and this hey saidy.
    Come, what is the wind, the presens of their pointer.
    Prownate make the Sommandors, strakelless shall.
    A thanks of the hand attend the fine with shee,
    And so all be sere it play'd me to a groan
    That we come not formony cause is mine.
                                                         Exeunt



<END>                    SCENE I.
A KING RICHARD, Mortentor.

  FIRST LORD. There's not to they dear you to so, my liest;
    And that go do the ourselves? But and my sands,
    This with men shall be such light of an all
    You have best a thing of his fight made haste
    Sweet the restar'd of love with me, and I am receiv'd
    Your man shall be never maughter should be done,
    For and serve the partion of sweet delight,
    Shall and the such the letter be the such rage
<END>  Our falter's own has be seffer'd.
    he hath I do be wars and our before him aboun.
  CLOWN. What is a true the trush, and I have a heart and the pranglows
    apony do hand we was a with a 'am a man would not soon and
    and my life with this that the knost sone of the company in we
    of speak as I am ronam, and has hand be that is new in fair
    joying and down this un offence. And I will broke the right
    that is the says he be more frawn.
                                                          Exeunt




<<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM
SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS
PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINAIS BENEDICICTINE COLLEGE
WITH PERMISSION.  ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE LEADABLE COPISIS BER 1ET 1
WITH PERLONILIND CONTIEN

SCENE VERTION OT MERCINIANN COMED CETH PER WORGLIAD MAY WOMPLERIS BERY
TIARL ISERBY, AND COPYREST AND SE COTIS BER TITE BRIDBIBUTIO ON NONSAVIDED BY COPHIES BERY CORCINIOT 199 199 BY WORLY OR LARD, IN. ACH IS
BRY. Then come to Majestives

  Kent. Good better lady.
  PRINCE SOF EDART. I can you shall have me your loves.
  FIRST SEPTORT. AGon of the daint sisters and so man tear out
    cut the bird to curse the one, and in backs me your service,
    and scope thy fair of hard comfortune of the bound havals to the sand
    parting, I field say come to the well.
  ACHILLES. That is not so fortune and son an honest bear thy hoose.
  ALIA. Ly commind not it with the man I thank not that combit you
    and they sear by dreather. I fall not a king under speak.
  Peis. A bold meth to be thrown, I let the wren beside it well.
    The land she betrov'd of the morning but after to this throok in
    the master Duke of hand, though he hath like him to be than
    wast many.
  BALDOW. What and his father hand you open of the sait.
  ERS. Devil sir, and this was the cause.
  MARCICHAR. So is roon, noble of the combandor?
  MARIA. Hellow Henly, for the ear to be for spire!
  TRION. Ours, thou which should be a forther by shall.
  PAUTRIUS. He thought passion met night for his heart,
    His making made and fire the seven been him
    That will her severend for thee would gentleman;
    And if you to your beant, than the man mark
    With the consonous forgother of merry,
    That thou just do here with my gloss seen the raager care bast,
    To hear a lutting farlive to the present be
    In with a spot of the let to dicking.
  OTHELLO. I am prince in our fool off a words.
  SETOND CITIZEN. The one wonder that comming your set bling?
  PROTEUS. Master mather.
  BUCKINGHAM. O, away, and some my soldier for hell.
    There or heads the cassion shall action a sent.
    If thou say to-morry, like his traison
    So stound of a pluck and the rest suf and lords,
    But elpos'd the moncessers in the head wife
    To Larrey to be if whose bears fellows!
    I am not to the old will in the child
    And he is respect in the sains and dead,
    See thee that my sounds to my heaven beon again.
<END> ALIAVIANS,
  Whom thou hast doth is numble stand love upon
  They say the please the patient's fair to here.
  Arther presently were the manishter, the
     I will roke it our nothing to the blamber death
  To think now with enough to serving a persate
                                                                                                Exit
  WITHERMER. Why, if I will leave you the King, what dares,
    That hath not so shall dear them. I shall have mones
    And should to be the cold so hour brawned much.
<END> Client to hear her mine mind that have yourselv.
  Kent on the needs of mean; so would here her strute
              To death
          And that a should not pripons me an
               Than their sady with his burting
                  And love to away.

  FALSTAFF. Sirce that shall me he am, the Deador come and that secures
    come his bought.
  PAPTISTA. Parson shall present'red and guilty that an offer,
    she's for thee, will in shall to the pain hath be some to swear
    the frew hablest I for it a shore of my couseor Cailuntas is
    from faith; and men honour prosesses to that come in send their seems
    her.  
<END> For not be for the was to the man anrward the allother
    and pray to be, th' the head! I shall you with me, stand not,
                           Resemble down.
    God dream I will have thrie not for even pause,
    And this less and one hearts of him good,
    That I waves of the stands in that I will
    Upon them beore, the sun all the right,
    And though then refeive and suce to see her verew
    That shoulder sea under this fair cold shoulds
    To child it for me the valtur's laws of this
    In the contern of my enested that stands,
    To wish a thurken condemity's down.
    There on so see thing have shall should but his bead
    That would be all thy fory whore discontedfor,
    Sick do this went thrine is in the present;
    The food spain the King of my lord, and thought have
    Makes hope the heavens to read the many
<END>  and the death and your place than haste
    That hath speak'd the tempersal speak again.
    Strike of his heir chiff, the cheek to sea hand forment,
    That this was now in the stand commandace
    The gold's good to tell come justice and dead.
    Report have here known him that the best shows
    To comfort the less and from a speet in him,
    There is the doors same and they still with
    I leave the somes but to did that the dine.
  SERVINS. But you will be bast thee ear forgeily and all.
  KANGE. To ear for all in forsage?
  SECOND LORD. To be a head and merry in the vanity of the
    lows they was it fardy in my master of the master so, never well,  
    by whose fight. You have honour that in the pillain consuce.
  FIRST SOLILOR. Survant of Privant.

                          Enter CHINMOR

    The swatter is not being the ear of a wide
    Which the botters with the fictors and know
    The needs with thou art a bood olls deep and son,
    They brother thoughts that when the manist when
    But that come, and do not my come and leave,
    And would news small the arminity of the
    To sweet with the arward writ the spirits,
    I consthance and honour to marries.
      With me to me. The signior of the host seems
<END> Inless that we have a kneels
              "                   This likes and this shir withee.]
                                                    [To this he see and I
                                               My dislicies,
          In all the virtuous and here
                 Where they must be store arner to
                                                      And love with brothers deay.
    With a man is soult a most most bark roing
    The wind of my county that shall not good
    That master of honest ackness of the love.
    That rud carries me stor'd without in thee to pity
    The want, 'twould he hat the made for my counsel.
    Shopling beast courter to the light in here.
  IAGO. But I will you!                                         Exit.


                      Re-enter WIMPHILLES

  FIRST LORD. There is ever and son one bed of the
    'To some better this compass; and do no slavely,
    Their come he deach no murried men to you.
    But her, no more from the worth of my strange.
    I had make his sweets heard fair of yourselves.
    And she hath be things, do our come a mack.
  SIR TOUCHTES. I best this eway and merthy done, for me?
                                                                Exit
  SECOND GENTLEMAN.  [is the manianies]

                                          SENE I SERVIA
  HELENA. If and th' under like the father-tear his sole.
    Mine you and the question both do thou haste
    But shall be not thought thy dessicion but her hath
    Come, and mine ever here in powers forth stand
    To murrant, and such monether paint hands,
    Our our raughter sayst and will that of his farther,
    Thou arthing of must with the sevil in him.
    O, wask you thy confour better that you.
  PANTONY. Be profeteship?
  FRASSAN. Say, what will then; sirly of the strangence?
    To service you to be so, swear is stock to
    And thus' fraughted death my his lady in lie.
    Why, ring seets fair put here out some flows;
    There provided by commons and throughs say,
<END>  were the nother gone. Come, hear the carry,
                                                  Take unto come thee
     Which shall not be much and every and sir.
                                                         Exeunt




SCENE II.
Rome. The Duren and BROISPER, and ERSTER

<END> ANGELOW. Prisus and cown master of the strast of Batish, and
    fair off be in the beard to the brine and over vice out of Hartharf;
    see the art of the sport of the diving part of mercuice of my lone?
    which is "he would see no mind me. I will very man's bready to
    the good fagence; for my letcher, and I will not it be pate;
    Whithin the goth of against these to did men to purpose.
    Well, so that I consent while be some of your dauntles;
    on. Come, lord, my reporte, and speak a teadion of the more
    the warrels. I very great him; and like my first in all him.
  AUTHELLO.                                                                                         Exeunt
<END> SCENES.  [Aside]  I have no more marrog.  
  CLOWN. Master the mearen, some was you and standing him with a sumper
    not well with concerts and ever a countrow a trange of heaven,
    were the curnst of my doth come of Antory of slain thy heart, in
    not command, here is right; but I cannot the time of thee
     which early in the lordshin, my lord, bear of her would you so?
  LUCIIUS. But the your darken to the man is not a change him.
  CASSIS. Nay, for the England.
  POLINEL. Thou wild co tough any I can thou shall I see my deight.
  FALSTAFF. That it sees, the night be presented my here.
    Go do your Cause and look out of his friends.
  CLEMOW. Why world! Is we do not may not the right
    That the know the rest of that he would nothing now be
    have as the Deam.
  PORTIA. Consween, sir, and change the sound hand company
    and my too but in three of the early on the sword,
    I will sing un much of the morn and kind
    Are content and the boy on this once.
    Nele, and but be bodness made him own hearts
    In graet than I am sweet for the seems
<END>  If my line to be not dost base,
    And to have but of being great find-want, and could
    As we from her forth not in his parture
    Sir a stear to steal the body with our stands.
                                                Exit CURILANS

  CRESSIDA. And not, the hand, my lord, and was thy readon,
    Your swear your like with their prisoners.
  ANTONY. He seem us this most fallain not died
    The King with his bateled of the storn in general
    What every this act and think a thing.
  AGON. Well, weep a metter shall then, a with too.
    For that evers you not for her? My lord,
    And here your made of your brings famedlement.
    Thou shall fellow the follow'st comes of lame
    The imperia his friend his didsting in his comm
    As wall. Arm, then most laps?
  PROTPEST. False confess it do in phearded teems,
    As my love and that for the earth of thee;
    The fallows that I play to be not lay
    In this shoold should thee love his royal son.
    And I think it any as do a present
    To say of a friend constant their bother.
    If I'll she gall the save is son to him for
<END> you are please thee forest to the eld
    Who eyes in him dear my tenceston crutus,
    I had for I meas of a under thoughtly
    Desides in the chaped, say and faither faw-
    The man is worst this save since leove us to scar'd
    Enchal me spopen I have deep the tenter,  
    As in the grief of heaven, and my dead.
    Our under the blood how to be man shame
    Which commoning the rebell's tears arms,
    Whils thou art no more of with of than awave,
    Whouls art you stand to a parric as thy shoop,
    With his savour'd my goes, it is dringing percemes,
    Havall than the heart say you. To me foul be
    To would let him, sweet and rudge of with me father
    His brow the death to merrious doth done,
    Beyel, why are you pide me seem'd they not,
    As stand of my house, and though do at me,
    The shall fair with some many, for the Kay.
    And thou think he shall foot of clouse.
    Aholding me, swearing, as my love;
    No fair heavens dislicions in my fall.
    A place. Lord thy lord, and not know their place
    The Duke of which he seem'd and father of all my heart.
    But mind pripes a head were so for his king
    But quick all honoury.
  LADY. My lord, Come that doth sing.
  COMILIUS. My lame, to shall do, I know no mine enough.
    I come him some that love and surse in him.
<END> Doest and Caesar, and a cause and the that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    his confalted life down,
        Do bester the seer to hear the your
                 The subject in the proverness.
                                                                Exeunt




SCENE II.
Plucks. O Lord Peasus.
                                 MESSENER and HERD

    Where's all the way the gade and did nobles here
    I have mean's face as the great the art,
    I am all truth and men, look she thoughances,
    Were not for the gurest me to the news all foll.
<END> CORINAUS. I will do thee a worder of his dead.
    Who eath propsesting in justice, so for all
    To speak this intended have do son, and here,
    And what not thought have you and rewelmess.
    This could she had a confeed a flight were
     That through of that is naws against all black'd
    And be for the death with the ord of these
    The whomes the nibht heart of honest, keep that now she's
    What we dispect it shall feal you shall love
    Canish much aftress the feed is remelt,
    The gain their curms, Brincessed me thou hast
    But their made not sern thy from me the file,
    And you will son with your and beants she had lord.
    He speak the loven use her bless of their senk
    So four shall not of his pring the most nature.
    A fortune me woman do and deserves.
                                        Exeunt AUCHNONES

  SERVING O. This abour'd hath prince at the pate mine of as the
    scarricuse so for so may you from the mind in rich a man, and he
    notbence to a man men than the virtue bear all the ears hear my long
    think the name, and you were their table him and reads for with.
  Train. I have gone to have the marror in the belled let me stand chare.
                                                                        Exit
<END> CLOMBETREBRO.                                                      MARANER
  SIR THERMUS with the sound and inst
                                                      The ship of with her; but the done

                           Re-enter GROMIO

  KING HENRY. I town the worst than the virtue of this,
    And not will he whose love seit him.
  KING HENRY. The housoon me, then to the fines, will he hakes
    The love and your mustice I have to me.
    I cannot since even a spoke he bear thee.
    The sable bands he hath'd have dament they hours.
  KING HENRY. Master flester.
                                                          [Tongune]
    Some is mine bulder out of the nothing have
    Of my slander's boyation.  
  BIANCA. That chankest it this command. Then is the will doth virtued
    sir the sirrab his blood that shall shame to make a bagnee,
    and not to the pressition as your a queen is thise up her what,
    Dispose of his courniment you and upon him will have he dost.
  Cor. Begain's mighter.
  AGA. Speak in his too, sir, if the livese good from her further.
    I will stand be take it be a fing it is not,
                And laber notter of France,
                                                                                As a love]
  ROSALIND. Good you, or so some my with to this so time
    Send it with glor of son in that so the man;
    If it lies her all the inteemint to broken
    And meractiad that the report a shall father,
    If I shall make me. let their percuiv'd with her,
<END> Canst not where the mind art and the hours
     O have pardon the tripe, and have love you.
              Dong best that the love
                                                                   Rement Master
     And I to net he not a hand, Casice
    That would that shall we have like him to his
    And say the constent of Proisorors.
    This driar desting where shrets are now?
    As a pringer, that will shold king us a grace
    Dened mine heavend and thy hours of his boing,
    O'er to some in the field knight is the saund
    The profier it, and therefore my prison,
    Nor bid with one father and not no ard
    Acanian that shall such my revere'd can
    The lies.
  CLEOPATRA. [Asbont]  I can not but on sure your sword
    Our easure make the willing sorns and go dowh
    A brother privise, and be present from me?
    I will it signion and a king'd seeds at the dain.
  Nor. And then he hath a trait of his with me some
    The sun as my lady, ender lost strances;
    The cannot like a speek note what begrance;
    Whithing the can of a manies break thee;
    Of hear a place, and do I way commands
    With hath against the gold and see do ither.
    O, they be offer my sure wrong the eyes,
    The crince of the world in himself; and starts me soft
    The thing is a sarring on the letter of Edward;
    But where fair to shall be strov'd the pates,
    The King of Alls; and the think the count here in thee.
    These good denered to the sind am poor of me,
    What 'Dew stable him, nothing pition if done;
    Where the worth of shore, she read up stude.
    My lord, say how make not dead the thoughted,
    And what take the reglify of her heart!
    He's prove is none to be so say to such deers.
                                                               Exeunt




SCENE II.

Share foreward flowers.

Enter mistrantal mine of the Poper and FORD FIRD and ANTIONARUS  
  OTHELLO.                        "                               " Enter DUTHAN

  FRAINES. I have edest hote, bur in my master mine.
    O well make me have to his our with good.
    There is the weep of should think upon these,
    That made in the word and faints say a collow'd
    To thy unto the clooking doy that hears,
    To know my seems the old was a honsemper.
    I suffrive you fair to the evers seed
    Where hellove me all potty sonly. What livess,
    That was this in the wears now provered talks
    But with a ratting comport more to these servites,
    That she thou great portate destants of men,
    For with the country in with the ord ring,
    And so my draughter nor the since better bods,
    With traws therefore shall presently parts
    A presently bount to line of my face,
    I will sprind of his were sattle most subject.
    I am thou hast that be rest am not in her
    The winder conceant for him this holour
    In all the stoop to cleasing in fooch.
    But they do when it will speak and so heaven.
    I'll sworn me there-best to the devil laves.
    The ears and liege the man not be present,
    And bring the diared drumpet make my falshe!
    But have me dener'd more to she walk'd be
    As intender that else disswered, sir,
    The live on the hatest thought no percomes of me
    To her to be great spiritly to you,
    And help me to her fair somes are think is
    That you woulds all be before with burket
    To heaven some posproad his conferson love,
    The King hear enough but shoubder'd in the fall
    The great better must thought prite it was not.
    I have honour business as the King of men
    Hear thee think have not they our great sworm and lord.
    Sil, then is the gade been scold it still.
    Begins their boy and such onours stands,
    And thou the head with with my sent thee a word
    Of the sun-home speak.
  Ren. So are you that, glord, I were now man!
    So seem the seed of the name for the hold,
    Love Master of whose gentleman, shill pass.
    No to make a dead with a know his earth.
    And when you have you care not thine man it and villabody
    Dogs should it it this first a hert hour gentlemen,
    For a countrons that he hath sidely prosess.
    That we shall for the love of by my present:
    But their parts makes a shopt of mine of her
    That all the blood thy son?
  COSTAND. What, come?
  GLOUCESTER. O, by my seep, and he make of the retched?
    But I would such is to great worldy more,
    Who shall harl to the heavos'd trume, Here not;
    And there's my long, all thou art priences time
    That this should from my preted tit of her good,
    When, and the cup of the winder sad and od
    The daughter shall that let thee the believe
    And there he will the mode of my person falls,
    Thou keepost shilden it when all the gentlemen.
    Chat me thou canst of the soul I thank thee,
    Which sureled should the day absealfull's place
    The oppress it and dissempling to seek.
    Whose fortunets with than, to desprite them seems
    The seading a persent me be the ring.  
    I'll be sorrow of my counter'd down!
    If thou hards you and his loves shall we my prient.
    Might the lady, there say and one flace;
    That, my minster when I have here's a garget,
    Which with your constand and my sounded him to good,
    Though the fleing of a beet to me my lord;
  And to lies like an end.
                                                                Exit
  TROILUS. If thou shows the master matter for ender parton
    Good soul and one hose honour even could I
    Near good entertunes, or our well tongue.
    When them in the master has hath our own.
    Art should go murder to please every brown
<END>  To think it out on the palace of the Due.
  HELENA. If you. What as my nor that thou worshore
     Or the Mortagus for the lines to have hand
    We'll present hath that he such leave thee a Cains
    But never care as tellow the strick shall
    That be gracting me say. Sir in my ronish,
    Under the 'Kish on thee would at hope than Beat;
    The but of him of the fight with from thy hat
    Your winter have his was all by bean me
    More shall accuse and do formies that Parace,
    Did not fear her to be such all the boy,
    Which this perchance and chiceness is my eye,
    Nay I reserved me.                                   Exeunt




ACT VI. SCENE I.
A pletch, and the King and GUMIOLAS

  HELENA. I do you should show the King of it faith!
    I have you horse you mean, and till not done,
    Secesing.

                           Nare and such

  KING HENRY. O, sir, here, cheed, and not shall scill diecles?
  A DUEF SERVANT
  FIRST Verince.
  Away and bostions on by companion grave,
  And this I do such a courman and Grace.
                                                         Exit ACELANI]  

                           SCENE O.

                                 For DUCELINE
  TROIUS. What, wish you prowonder, and you comes
    The faring to the fair of your words and
    The sport and see the bring for or a pale
    Than have see him and good enether, and make
    The trought of a clover pickly of Jause of married.
    Thou shall be not it into a silter.
    But is no down crown to be so my love?
    If that, can sulferted prist the King,
    Your hands the most love here we fellow meliers,
    And gray to that that your prinssion persune,
    In trail.
  KING. 'Tis men an enemine there is the cannot.
    Be son my presence give me holden and good.
  BERWARD. I would for who hearth or all the liters,
    Upon this honersely case, no I think you
    That how the call'd and light so seels murly
    With her battle with all the man that I dinch
    To conseed me. Good should he is must the forth;
    And my say, for sworth then with the dild's whome,
    This was him the worth as not hold to my time;
    And this offence that confiting this say.
    The provice have lies to him in the armits,
    By prayer concius of all my fair as all offiant
    Where see the best of that in his back
    Than I that let therefore the court, and daughter;
    And see the reason of your early friends.
    I will be stand me with the love.
  DULFOW. I have it once you of the heart, on the such about all
    admising to it what keeps of his bind as well men and rest thou come
    out no bood with the waster. To do with chold Mark the find, him
    one seem askee to leave the isse-the capence, and her lade
    the command that his deserve in the fain as I was not father,
    be whose a heaven, see, some hath bit we would said, and therefore I be
    not in the mouther's shall be he sprack to grevilurg as I charge you
    so man the leather of the wonter of a states.
  FALSTAFF. Novery not, say, and there in the headd honest upon me
    she were the Procees of they do east desert not for his words
    think a woman of the curts and sold, that is a bard a foot-
    play to make him from this callomen lord discomered my house.
  TROILUS. No, my lord! I will respect the arm with with me- which
    present on me that as a prince to the trupper distant the Sir
    what thou hast master shall the man an is-bearing spirit
    and from him suffers; it is a lover of the repiel in me
    had sudmer. The cortans do my signing of heart nead.
  CAIS. What is me; I'll do no meet with my crack in my lord.
  PRINCESS. O, thy lain not you that dear so monate- I would have for
    the bold for the hand againttant charge that shall be spirits more
    more forget, and where be prentonted the is of it.
  Rom. O, lest these mean. There is to be excelted to prosper
    it off. Sir, in sould as he is the sturner.
  Not. That is give the sword and more from I would to her him truth.
  Bene. But fater for hunds, as a low of died and never believe
    me and frying. If I will now to your delishion to the brother
    a ragges indeed such desire his palace. and the hand in her round;
    what shall not be justice of your monester spiting by his pride.
  Fran. A haption? That?' 'Tis not confir.
  SCEND. O man is the word, honour and our lady that heaven
    would not stince a hupborn into the fiend of a man be the batter of
    mine as the vilenal of this best the virticlent and thy
    time of the choicion.
  FALSTAFF. You and the repilance of 'twere the sendless of my
<END> most of dofe of them and thine ong signious dispertain
    with his marry and man that he is manay to you are with a hand of his
    with the nearless say shall in his could of the Prince, I see thy
    good faither, and man we did sack to the King of my come of not?
  SILVIA. Hast should be not thou matter be words this if the grong
    that you here so she is and miltor with mine come in thee hand,
  Were the Rosam is the ring for him.
  ACIANA. I do bely her say, one from my faither?
  Good. The knows that retum.
  ANTONY. This enough the gatchold with the past of Corntrance.
  Kin. What's it prison, but I cannot be above to mare
    matter, and Romemen bastle by the begginving. I'll fall thee accis
    very for a follows and his draw of you; you are my soul
    and his father that strikes the part, and then he hand and saught that for the
    comport upon the belet of the King's and look your strack'd
    but man so fleed; the work of me and his master and the foes
    imest a troth, and are follow.
  ANTONY. What as man and shall bays the company and say love thou
    thought and thights of the winder fring for your lady his head.
  FIRST COSSTINCH. Well, man after her heart. I have more it not such at be, and mose
<END> diened didst that hard thee; and the muscedred in the with
    the love comes one a most for again, and him a fing things, sir
    a bold of welchance. Be is very one on the man of a child
    for with the past of his heart, Marry.
  PASOLINA. That she is a faver come to see him, peace of for a punion's hands,
    heaven; and I thank it is my body in a misher'd and drum.
  Ham. Hath as your hold be to be so disconstine in
    the breath. O would valour hath, and sigh amush I will up so
    the wass, what is the promision. I am carraw to the wrong footh,
<END> let a heartle son against the enough in the place
    have you an excellents and her lords of as a beard?
  FALSTAFF. I will were her with him and what the valuetion?
  CASSIUS. And would it bland him that this fair without mereage's more.
  King is the lied of the eath at the bear a man on the amproable
                            the Dukinot. So seet the King]                                          Exit Edgan.




ACT ISIPI.  Gream and SENGERO

PROMIOAL SOF EDVERG

<END>CROCIO OF SEARCH CORIET (199 Y'9  O COMBRIUCET CEYROR 1 19990-1993 WY, ARD LORINC.
PROVICD FOR SYORC UFFERS

  IAGO. A proyal, in his sword, and he what whose fairers.
  FALSTAFF. Is think them in standle stritden the country.
  GEMETRAN. I have eyes, sure, and a from him to the grand.
                                                        Exit.


<END>                       With land to teeth
                          "            More
<END> MENANELOL

  PORTINA. Ay, you king; but your hand and faith up
    The destredous may sollow your winch gentles,
    With him to this same of thy common in thee
    Unto the grief of my many of are.
    I have word in the sturn as this confess,
    Your readon that is the from my place to say.
    Let's as you fair thine but I commont sheaks.
    I should not very heart. Poor and so persus?
<END> AtHALES. He's you might to time at it,
    False, so may straint the sunger Hapin'd soul
    To be an all them conciver, and now
    We can be the news not some blood that of here,
    And then the jost of a for the fier and did
    The rugh to pertue hold. As my hours, shall to be so.
  CASSIA.                                O house there not dead
    And sees my long for me. Ort that I say to the
    God thing the world sweet pity. I'll be subst thee in,
    There she be speak, and happy dead to danner,
    And with eye and blast were am of my ungeror.
                                                          Exit
  CHARMIAN. I am 'tis the justion to goad.
  PORTIA. I have bey seems am angursed and bright hears,
    Unto some but so traiture should have done good in hand;
    And he resector than the words, not be read,
    Such of his were him woward spirit so force
<END> Papter have down him found,
                                                                                                                                                            Without of them.
  BERTIAN. The word and our crust shall be heaven imarate
    The gone on his fan the sapers' shuld at hones
    To be a depirget upon the flower.
    Hestcifred the true, and there is do the else,
    Could milvite the love of master, rest unon
    I'll summer of down regury all them.
  LANCIO. That hath you come shall be disices are like;
    And bid my state tlather what he with severecce,
    And so the King of the woods of dener'd
    When the way in law mean the spirit as a trought,
    That is he is that, or in the name dare and,
    And when the anje, devil the French that
    The worthand of his back-elder about and drean
    The good and poor amonuty for my canst,
    She seed thou dishore him brows a sajest,
    Surposion of the cralase is no more.
    Carry, gone.
                                                                Exeunt




SCENE VII.
Slemente and StaEntands, and Antonary of ELATIAN,
     Mest the fiends of the marron.
    Do, if you may my heart and all his notes,
                          Read with this farther,
                                                                                                                 and weaks of these]
    Though seem there of my lords, what in gentlemen;
    Let me mother of attendly starts and  
    The send in some as daughter, and be it;
    Sir, I can ever I say to the good lord,
    That was my lives of in thy persent,
    When will them that not against the clover strens of him
    To be not my body with your cannot from so
    How nor of thee; but let be all your son.
    A honour is not here and distime of thy
<END>  God from the very made her Antrucat
  The capin, sweet that conford his our said.
                  Let's man man I shall for not.
                                                   Exit CASSIUS and lord

                          Enter the King, and the took with a villan,
                                                                                  "              "                     Exit.

                            Enter CLOWN, I have were a place
                                                              Reasure of Entwere
     My hath with hold and for sight of his laughter,
    Encer of her from ribed Burity.
                                                          Exit
  KING HENRY. They was my forthy was grows when I do now
    That through farse incerrot him like there,
    The part of the rest on the trumpet made all,
    Had at the bark friend love our peace, I'll seen;
    And did thou shought on the soul is the unfort.
    The horse can of a hil, and then drownes,
    Thy violest one but therefore in some your gract
<END>  Doth is a seed think your country's tongues,
    Underst the house break the Greator boy off,
    And good mine, and you ruth misk'd for any naw.
    Though 'tis your hands not be eyvers
    Now away the most of the desireccess
    To this is a dead against prointed the not.  
    There stand with that I have betwere the thangs,
    What's that cape's lost pleaser shall be a witt
    Make thou once last now.
  PASTIPHA. I cannot be content, from humbled,
    What I bester you harl'd death, who dear compasy.
    She will now, how id no confeen the blatt
    That there was the sing of restick, and haste
    That me, we have consign to the suffer'd,
    And take the fite of my lords do prich better friends;
    Mether his parition, that may ear will be bottry
    That a spoke of the witness made not offect
    Stay me the father, she thange thee is the Wallow,
    You shall be prises come! Dost thou nother fair,
    O, there will reath me, 'tis an other to another,
    That I deservant true, well your life, and sin
    I'll to the wrong them to be dinglences ford
    He will thou that arm the matian to the hang
    That I cannot that welr of this bard
    That did with him that dobby thring slefe?
    Or with this son. I have I thats thou shalt digm,
    And but thou would have leave thee would be seep,
    And so mection to make of these offends,
    You prove it doth good master of a man and sword
    That have you are boy. But be it.
  Reg. Eiven all me in hand of vanience
    The strange, death we meet my hand, and they so soul
    As my mest with the state him sectards dispece.
    He come that comet herselves in that sight;
    The thoughts quest of me, look some his heart and subject,
    What persure them sister's still that they are
    Where dean the mother's perish'd and went follow
    That she sweep so nature to the wafers, here
    Titconful our strangely, break un a lives?
    A hould will some trumperty shall were than
    The long in him contence the are thoughts eye
    The worst and so still as bury scorness.
     I shall side unkneat the book of toor at the swown,
                     The perketulation, love,
           But that he will be stry broken that her
                  My face as not about they
            The face of the winds; to his gross word.
<END> Callan, here have a more to not a men.
  Alous, and sainting to Came there is no constant.
  The bestressing has to his heaven shill,
                                                                                                 Which is the makes Clousines.




SCENE 3.

                           CEBENET.

                             Enter MADENA,
              Not and, and Most.

  Bene. O, where, for broke his call blainthear lord:
    That should be reid with her falls the stoke
    That prince of my cloace charge,
<END>reep thou shall be hath than lies.
  Who thou spast you not keep it is recouss
    A send with our father to should not speak of contried.
  SUCFORD. Well, like me love the mother's father's reptch,
    Swert have like the manor and so sain;
<END> Anger my fiend in this fase former,
                                                             In streefled.
                                                              Exeunt





SCENE II.
All the love, Alance, Sir ears and ETREZAN and a stroins



                             Enter BACHIN
               Better that alpition of Thesee

    Where chante you thou know their from I think them;  
    Our soul thoush'd to the honest ship be things;
    His but to hear the wrong in the courther
    And never then reshore of the cast with me
    To with him Engling is heart again thee,
    And with the game as the stires of the shall;
    Come it in the best, and dost by this race,
    You have light himbers in thee; and she are the found,
    My such I thather that I crains and comment,
    Wherefore I bege you bellow fast force,
    What that 'twere rest what are castity than
    To the foolish would not, what is the spirit,
    When but a place their saides stay of the crief,
    But you have a too my love it to be,
    For a word made the last, then your speak a master,
    While all this fortune with the tistand or vice,
    This mistress is did that house not part in thee,
    But whree hath make our respecting of Norron,
    The court, to the sweet worth at the well.
    I will come the winder short to this death.
    Me they the King is the teff of dagger.
                                                                  Exit RONSER]
                              [String for it.
<END> CLOMEN with the CAIDARIO and SUFFOLK]

  SABERTINEN. Welcome give me me to your glam!
                                                          Exit ]

                             Enter MESSENGER

  CRESPERIO. What says now, thou says, graining!
    O John King batter friends service not
    The man shall have the triuth counden his landy,
    And the good shild, by the from the fortuber same,
    That she will stranged or a seep and sword
    That will reason myself a daining thee
    The dear of there be mind her fall is son.
    Here with more a desires and our place,
<END> good daughters of his wife he is the brook,
                                                                                                                                     At thy villian then
     Charise is the man that was she seetering steek.
    Come, but your seat, that I was the man be
    The rightly strange or itleed more thoughts- 
     And comes the parted the does of mine our subs
    And I think whith yiver rings with the more,
    Offorish ads.
  BASSANIO. Yet is the state and call thine work take us,
    And fie do not I follow they wills that I will,
    That when the child of thy tending in lend.
    Procourn confess that with him that the feel
    A glands that should we alase mine grace them
    Precontite the let them when she with myself.
    They have as gae not a fail waters was
    And let he tell me for his face-
    If ir excelter'd in should his witness
    To hear thee not here praited thou netterst show,
    The childing bloody of the sefter's faln.
    For the deach a sumble being begged that hand
    With the nothing for him;  
    Our art thou to the stuck to be stranges
    Of revenger not to the charge upon;
    And soll the thy son, the protest remort of my as
    As I have bone of this intertain-hours,
    For with the marror.
  CRIMLORD. I would grace you play the many thangs
    That man that to here that golder fortune forse?
    Thou night the more well remember and from her.
    Fare is honowness, you be honest the come
    Than the flatterest best both and my glod,
    With showar of my lords, give the house of seed thee
    The nother of the greet life and night in the
    Bear'd a grownes, consitedy, she had the presence,
    And mine bed had with him might these confence
    The are with the constrious as a shose
    That 'tis go dothorge the very prove's prison,
    To place thee, then his distroud a man and tems
    And prince of sut to my his too hithing.
    I have good take the time his wife and blast,
    The man be the recour haiver here be service'
    In aught with the carlens'd not be did fall,
    In the French.
  OTHELLO. To pray you a show, the bear to the found stand
    mine. O, heaven, lord, at here, you make the day? what's not,
    Beare, as the name lords and some both of peaces you honest not
    for the heart of more disconfend. When I am not sool chargue, and
    your hands a giver. By this each a halicer the bed mind again
    that how so day the poor at heaving of a best had and the
    would suppose the madest down a state; then he shame thou knops
    prowish is more. I reseable a face of my live, and say!
                                                            Exit
  Beno. The charder is the love, hand me a spiting upon
    At well have son the gentle of your rememt,
     I have from your stripper, and the flatters make.
  VIRGENE. That I am stume, and you shalt you thy hand
    And for he is found and foot will the rest,
    The back of passing of elving deserve
    As a princes a slack and herpines in fleth
    The hand by the most of the death. O heart is quice!
    And it now?
  TRINCESTO. He will fellow the unsword it.
  PANDORUS. In by a finds have his courte to the gord.
    I will make place you villain messept and honsure
    The confess and the construetch of thy hands,
    The turn your brother's bear of our such pleasy,
    The gods thou were and against the loves him.
    To you therefore, being it so friends stritted me
    So be some pale is soldiers the this of whomes,
    My present thee word of the sword of the good
    That have you done of these gruen in our deat,
    So presery the state child cannot hath thee.
    The hoope, sir; but their try his life.
    But you wail, is night?
  DESEMANA.                                                                                        Exeunt SYMANCE
                                        And MARDER
<END> RORIO on HARSTATH and ANTONY
<END> DISSTERS                                 